Don't wait up.
The breakfast shop owner can't reply at night.
Just relax and rest easy.
Leave it to me.
You're quite something now.
You can handle things.
Now I am...
Optimus Prime.
The pillar of the family.
You and...
Between you and this Hai Ming...
How... how did you get together?
Tell me a bit about it.
When I meet him later,
I want to do some homework beforehand.
The main thing is,
am I the fruit of love?
The fruit?
Love...
You have to be very lucky to have that.
But back then, I really had no choice.
Your grandparents had an accident.
At that time,
I just really wanted a home of my own.
So you didn't love him.
People are complicated.
You can't simply say I didn't love him.
We did have moments of sincerity.
But later on,
both our lives
changed.
But at least now,
I can say with certainty
that towards this family,
he completely failed to fulfill his responsibilities.
As long as he loves me.
Then what if he's living miserably now,
and he's unwilling to give his Life Energy
to me, what then?
You care about him quite a bit.
No.
Look at me now,
so handsome and dashing.
Will he fight for custody of me?
I advise you,
don't have too many fantasies about this man.
And don't hold any expectations of him.
I don't.
Isn't this just...
simply being a bit curious about him?
After all, a dad just popped out of nowhere for me.
Don't you think?
Say, if he hadn't gambled back then,
would we perhaps be doing pretty well now?
You knew he gambled?
"Mom, where is my 4WD car?"
Gambling debts.
As the man behind you now,
the things I know that you don't know
are plenty.
Who am I now?
I'm the world's number one filial son.
In life,
there are many other important things.
Love, for me,
is just a very, very small part of it.
What about the very big part?
You.
You should read fewer books.
You sound so cheesy after reading books.
You can't even talk properly.
Go to sleep, hurry.
I can't listen to you talk.
I'm getting goosebumps.
So melodramatic.
Sentimental.
Artificial.
And "love," really.
Go to sleep early.
Sleep, sleep.
Come on, come on, video call's here.
Answer it, answer it.
Young man, is this the person you're looking for?
It's for you.
For me? Who is it?
Boss, one bowl of noodles.
Coming right up.
You hold this for a second.
Who are you?
Hello, hello.
Excuse me, are you Hai Ming?
Who are you?
I'm Kong Xiaocan.
Kong Xiaocan?
Don't know him.
I'm Kong Xiaocan.
Your son.
My son?
You're a scammer, aren't you?
Psycho.
Me, a scammer?
I'm hanging up.
Show him this.
Call him again.
Sorry, thanks for your trouble.
Could you please...
Give the phone to him, give it to him.
Wait a minute.
It's for you again.
Why is it you again?
Take a look, do you recognize this child?
This is me when I was little.
Don't recognize him.
Don't all kids look the same?
Then do you recognize this woman?
Isn't that Kong Guifang?
Yeah, that's my mom.
You really are my son?
I really am.
No, wait a minute.
Where is Kong Guifang?
I don't know either.
She owes a ton of debt.
She just up and ran off.
I paid back all the money she owed by myself.
Where is she?
Bullshit.
I... I really don't know.
I really don't know.
Actually, I was looking for you for a reason.
What is it?
Our house got demolished.
Really?
Your house got demolished? Right.
It did.
How much did you get?
Probably around one or two million.
Where's the money?
I have the money right here.
Let me tell you something.
You hold onto that money for me.
Hold it tight.
Do not buy a house for Kong Guifang.
Do you hear me?
Yes.
Isn't that exactly what I mean?
I wanted to contact you...
...to see how we should spend this money.
That's great.
Let me tell you.
I brag to everyone I meet.
My son is so good to me.
How about this, how about this.
I'll send you a location.
Let's... let's meet up, okay?
Sure.
Good, good, good.
Uh, you know what...
In a bit, uh...
I'll have the boss...
Let's add each other on WeChat.
Okay, sure.
You'll understand when we meet.
I've really missed you.
Okay, good, good.
I'm the one who named you.
Jerk.
Did you hear him? Does he sound human?
What does he mean I owe a ton of debt?
And that he...
Did I pay off his debts for nothing all these years?
Mom, don't be angry.
Before taking this call...
I still had some illusions about him.
I wasn't wrong, was I?
I didn't lie to you, right?
I just never expected...
He'd step on a landmine with every move.
Every move is just like in those TV dramas...
The kind with extremely stereotypical villains.
I'm speechless.
Mom.
Before, about exchanging Life Energy...
I felt a bit guilty.
Now I don't feel guilty at all.
Let's eat quickly. We'll head out once we're done.
Take your time eating.
Finish this bowl of noodles for me.
Actually, for so many years...
Mom has always felt quite guilty towards you.
For not being able to give you a...
Complete family.
Mom, Mom, Mom, please don't say that.
Look at what era we're in, right?
Besides, right now, both of us...
We both count as young people.
How are young people?
Don't think you have to do it for me or anyone else.
You are an independent individual.
If it doesn't work, just split.
Why waste your time?
Besides...
I have to thank you, Mom.
If I had a dad like that...
I'd really be full of childhood trauma now.
Just like in those movies...
When I grew up...
I'd have turned into a pervert by now.
Twisted psychology, you know?
Look how sunny and bright I am now, right?
I have to thank my good mom.
Coming home from work...
Working hard all day...
I only love my Mom.
Alright, hurry up and eat.
We'll leave after eating.
Eat, eat, let's eat.
Cheers, cheers.
Son, are you in the car?
I'm in the car. Look.
I'm on the way.
Good, good. Be safe on the road.
Okay.
Good.
Dad is waiting for you.
Dad is wandering around nearby. Hurry up.
Okay. See you in a bit then.
We'll talk when we meet.
He's so impatient.
Son.
Dad forgot to ask you just now.
Is the money on you?
Or is it in a card?
The money is in the card.
But the card is on me.
Good, good. Hold onto it tight.
There are lots of people on the road.
Our lives depend on it for the rest of our days.
Don't worry.
For the rest of your life, I... I'll definitely take good care of you.
When the time comes, whatever you want to buy...
A luxury flat or a big villa, right?
We... we can just pick whatever with our eyes closed.
Good.
I knew my son was filial.
Treats his dad so well.
Then I'll see you in a bit.
Waiting for you.
See... see you in a bit, Dad.
Good, good, good.
Son.
It's Dad again.
Dad's almost at that Nanhong Noodle Shop.
Where are you?
How much longer will you be?
I-I... I should be there soon.
Don't worry.
Okay, okay, okay. Be safe on the road.
Dad will wait for you.
Actually, Dad.
I actually have a favor to ask you.
There's something I need your help with.
If it weren't absolutely necessary,
I really wouldn't want to trouble you.
But this has nothing to do with money.
I don't know if it's convenient for you.
What do you mean "ask"?
Your business is my business.
Why make a distinction between us?
Alright, Dad.
Hearing you say that puts me at ease.
Don't worry. After you help me with this,
not only will we buy a house,
but your son will take good care of you for the rest of your life.
We'll rely on each other.
We'll create a glorious future together.
I always said,
raise a son to provide for old age.
You're Dad's comfort, his little gold mine.
You are my great treasure.
Then Dad will walk around a bit more.
Okay, okay, okay. That's good.
Dad will wait for you.
He really is something.
He just doesn't leave a single good impression.
Look on the bright side.
At least there's hope for swapping Life Energy now.
Are we really giving him money?
If he's willing to swap, I'll give it.
I'll give it all.
It's okay, Mom.
Just now...
we'll buy him a house.
But I didn't say we'd buy a luxury flat.
If we buy one in a ravine, what can he do?
That cleverness of yours...
really takes after me.
Right there. Right there.
Why can't I reach him now?
He's not at the noodle shop either.
Mom, you sit down first.
You wait here.
I'll call again and ask.
Hello?
Hello. Are you a family member of Hai Ming?
Sort of. Who is this?
This is the City Hospital.
He had a sudden brain infarction.
The situation is critical. Please come quickly.
Doctor, how is he?
We couldn't save the patient.
He just passed away.
No.
That's impossible.
I... just a few hours ago,
I was still talking to him on the phone.
The kind stranger who brought him in...
said he heard some news,
and kept laughing.
He laughed so hard he fainted,
which triggered the attack.
No, Doctor.
That simply isn't logical.
How can a person literally laugh themselves to death?
The patient had too many underlying conditions.
His kidney function was very poor.
He had respiratory issues too.
Years of alcoholism...
his liver wasn't good either.
His heart and lungs were near failure.
Finally, a cerebral infarction took him.
My condolences.
How could he just leave suddenly?
Why did he have to leave right now?
He still had important things to do.
My condolences.
The patient went without pain.
He's not in pain, but I am.
I understand your feelings very well.
My condolences.
Can you say anything else?
Oh, right.
The medical bills were advanced by the kind neighbor.
You should pay him back.
The patient didn't have any money on him.
And no health insurance.
The costs might be a bit high.
My condolences.
Tell me, what is the use of a husband?
Before marriage, he waits on you hand and foot.
Says he'll let you enjoy a life of leisure.
But after marriage?
You wait on him hand and foot.
You let him enjoy life.
He tells you he'll quit gambling,
but turns around and can't control that stinking hand.
Couldn't count on him for anything while he was alive.
Now...
Now this rotten life finally had a glimmer of hope...
He could have died sooner or later,
but he had to die on this very day.
Okay, Mom, calm down.
He's being cremated tomorrow.
Let him be cremated! Let him burn!
Let him burn, let him burn hard!
Make sure he can never be human again in the next life!
Mom.
You...
Don't be sad.
It's not sadness.
I just feel... it's a shame.
When Mom got married,
I also thought about growing old with him.
Surrounded by children and grandchildren.
Now, none of that can happen.
Noodles are ready. Take your time.
Thank you.
Eat the noodles.
Come on, eat up.
Do... do you remember these noodles?
From when you were little.
I don't know if they still taste okay.
Hurry.
Smells good.
Mom, these noodles are amazing.
Just like the taste from childhood.
Back home, no one can make them like this.
Hurry up, hurry up.
This place is great, Mom.
Let's come back often to eat here in the future.
Eat, Mom.
You're a mess.
Okay.
We'll come back often.
My condolences.
I'm fine.
I haven't seen him in years anyway.
We weren't that close.
Then about the life exchange...
Why don't you just accept
the six months we crowdfunded?
I said no, and I mean it.
I'm in charge of my own life.
If you're really my brother,
you should worry about
whether my mom will kill me first.
People like Hai Ming who only care about money,
there must be more than one.
I just don't believe
that betting all the Demolition compensation
won't tempt a single person.
Time to eat, Mom.
Time to eat.
Let's eat.
Tian'er.
You're just in time.
We're eating, perfect timing to join us.
Quick, come in, come in.
Guifang, what is this...
You're here.
I came to see you guys.
It's ridiculous, isn't it?
But this is already
the best solution I could think of.
Why isn't the money working?
Is it because I didn't offer enough?
If it's a matter of money,
I can still figure something out.
What can you possibly do?
You're not suggesting going back to Maizi Ge, are you?
Being with Maizi Ge
wasn't that bad.
Wei Mingtian, have you forgotten your dream?
Have you forgotten what you said before?
Think about your hometown.
Think about your dream.
Do you want to go back now
and be a puppet at someone's mercy?
You are not a star.
You are a future hydraulic engineer.
I'm not as anxious as you think.
I know you're doing this for our own good.
If this path doesn't work,
we'll just think of another way.
We can always find another path.
But...
Xiaocan doesn't have time to wait.
It's okay.
Xiaocan...
has always had good luck growing up.
Xiaocan.
Xiaocan, come here quick.
Someone is willing to exchange.
Look.
Let me see.
Here.
Meet them, go meet them.
What? You're meeting them just like that?
Ask a few more questions first.
Mom, don't...
Hurry up.
No, let's look into it more.
You're going just because someone said so?
Do you know who it is?
Tian'er, you... you eat by yourself.
I'm going to check it out.
Are you Zhu Yuchen?
Yes.
Is what you guys said true?
If I give my Life Energy to you,
will you give me the money?
Do we go to the bank?
Or do we do it here?
Kiddo.
Auntie was lying to you.
There's no such thing.
It's getting late.
Hurry home and rest.
I'm serious.
With the money,
my parents won't have to work,
and they can keep me company.
But have you thought about it?
If you leave this world early,
what will your parents do?
Do you know how sad and heartbroken they'll be?
You living a good life,
spending your life happily and safely,
is what they want to see, you know?
Little one, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to lose my temper with you.
If you want your parents to spend time with you,
there are other ways.
But at no time
should you do anything to hurt yourself.
Do you understand?
Go on home.
You didn't do anything wrong.
Hang in there.
Bye-bye.
Let's go.
This... this kid is actually not bad.
Just a bit immature.
You're even more immature.
I'm currently...
Mom, since we're here, let's play a couple rounds.
Forget it.
You finally remembered to call me?
Did you finish reading the new contract?
If you have, come over tomorrow.
Let's sign the new contract.
Sorry, Mike.
Just pretend I never called you.
No, what do you mean?
You're being unreasonable, aren't you?
Before, it was a 10-90 split.
Before, I got nine, you got one.
Now, you get nine, I get one.
I'm showing enough sincerity, right?
And do you know, when you quit last time,
how much penalty you owed?
Look, don't worry.
Come back, and not just this penalty,
I'll earn back ten, twenty times that for you.
Why are you selling potatoes?
I could open a McDonald's for you back home.
Okay?
You were born to be a star.
You know that clearly deep down.
I am not a star.
I am a future hydraulic engineer.
What hydraulic engineer?
Aren't you selling potatoes?
You wat...
Right, I remember now.
I remember.
You want to be a hydraulic engineer.
Let me tell you,
that stuff is useless.
Wei Mingtian is an artist at our company.
Not anymore.
It's not up to you to say he isn't.
We have a signed contract in black and white.
Your contract has no legal validity.
You say it has no legal validity,
so it has no legal validity?
You say he isn't, so he isn't? Who are you?
Fine.
Then see you in court.
But today, Wei Mingtian must come with us.
If he leaves, will you pay his penalty?
Or will he pay it himself?
Wei Mingtian, let me tell you.
If you walk out this door today,
you...
I was the one who brought you out of the mountains.
I was the one who sent you to college.
I sent you...
Sun Keyan.
Fine, you win.
He wants to be a hydraulic engineer.
Tell him later,
I actually paid off that money long ago.
Just focus on school.
Oh, one more thing.
I have to tell you.
This kid is from the countryside, his foundation is weak.
If you're going to look after him,
you have to look after him all the way.
Don't just help halfway and run off.
That's it.
By the way.
One last thing.
Top up 200 yuan for my phone bill.
I'm using someone's Wi-Fi here.
I'm waiting here.
Alright, brother.
Are you done now?
Done, done, done.
Good.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Eat up.
You can't go without eating. Come on.
Mom.
Some things...
as long as we tried our best, that's enough.
What I'm most afraid of is...
that you'll go so crazy that...
you borrow money and get scammed or something.
We have so much money right now.
We can buy whatever we want.
It's great. Why isn't that enough?
Sometimes, this is just fate.
As for spending money...
let's just give up.
Eat.
Yes.
Mom made a mistake.
Or rather...
Mom thought everyone was like him.
Obsessed with money.
Willing to do anything for money.
It was Mom's mistake.
Mom, you're not wrong.
Xiaocan, look.
Look.
These plants and flowers Mom raised.
Look how well they're growing.
Yeah.
So well.
For so many years,
they basically...
haven't had any problems.
Even if there were problems,
Mom tried her absolute best,
and did everything possible to cure them.
So you're the same.
Mom will definitely find a way.
I definitely will.
You just...
Xiaocan.
Mom forgot there's an event at the school lab today.
Once you get up, hurry and eat this food.
I'm leaving.
It's so early to be summoned by the school.
I guess only doing research
can make her a bit normal now.
Are you awake?
Want to go for a morning stroll?
Xu Rui.
Why did you ask me here?
Just wanted to take a walk with you.
I feel like time slows down here.
You're still thinking about that?
Everyone is so worried about you.
Weren't you pretty scared before?
It's strange to say.
Before,
even a fish bone pricking my throat
made me fear infection.
But now that everyone knows,
I feel relieved instead.
So maybe I wasn't afraid of leaving,
but didn't know how to say goodbye.
Xiaocan.
We'll always be by your side.
I'll try to come back and visit too.
Come back to scare people?
Why is there so much smoke?
Is there a fire?
Where is this?
Looks like the laboratory.
Darn it.
My mom is in the laboratory.
Is anyone still in there?
Is there anyone left inside?
Are you okay? Is anyone else inside?
I'm fine.
Guifang seems to be inside.
Guifang is still in there.
Yes.
This is...
Guifang, she...
Something went in.
Guifang!
Oh my god, you...
How many times have I told you?
Run first in this situation! Save yourself!
Why do you care about this stuff?
Remember this.
If you discover a fire,
forget about data or papers.
Is it on fire?
If there's a fire, people matter most.
It's fine, it's fine. It's a drill.
Got it?
A drill?
I got it.
Alright. It was so real.
Where is Xiaocan?
Xiaocan?
We thought it was a real fire.
He came looking for you.
Someone just went in just now.
That person was Xiaocan?
Someone went in just now.
It might be him.
It's on fire.
Then I'll go find him. Okay, okay.
You come out quickly.
Be careful.
Xiaocan!
A drill. Does it look like one?
So real.
Look at us.
Scary, isn't it?
Mom!
Kong Guifang!
I...
Am I...
going to die?
I thought I could be like a hero,
and die in style.
Turns out the last moment of my life
is so humorous too.
But if I can really die dramatically like this,
my mom, Xu Rui, and Li Wai...
won't be so sad, will they?
Then...
I won't struggle anymore.
Goodbye,
world.
Kong Xiaocan!
Where did he run off to?
Kong Xiaocan, come out!
Kong Xiaocan!
Xiaocan
Kong Xiaocan
Xiaocan, wake up.
Help!
Someone help!
Xiaocan, don't sleep.
Wake up.
Quick, help him!
Hurry!
Xiaocan.
Xiaocan, don't sleep.
Hurry!
Xiaocan.
Xiaocan, wake up.
Xiaocan, can you hear me?
Xiaocan, wake up, Xiaocan.
Xiaocan.
Can you hear me, Xiaocan?
To the infirmary.
Excuse me.
Xiaocan.
Come on, make way, make way, make way.
Ma Jianfei! Ma Jianfei!
Dear, I'm right here.
What's up?
Where is this?
What's wrong?
What's going on?
Why hasn't Xiaocan woken up yet?
He...
His time isn't up yet.
But he just choked on some smoke.
Why hasn't he woken up?
According to the rules...
a person's Life Energy
is definitely enough to support him
until the end of his life.
Unless he...
gave up on himself.
Ended it himself.
Then naturally he won't reach that time point.
Give me a straight answer.
How many days does he actually have left?
No, it's not that I won't say.
It's that the rules forbid it. Say...
Are you going to say it or not?
I can't say. We aren't allowed to say.
There's an alien here!
Kong Xiaocan still hasn't woken up...
I'll say it! I'll say it!
...because of this alien!
I'll say it, alright?
Speak!
Twenty-one days left.